com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerAddProductActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddProductActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddProductActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddProductActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddProductActivity$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddProductActivity$4
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddProductActivity$5
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerOrderProductsBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerOrderProductsBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityWholesalerNewOrdersBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityWholesalerNewOrdersBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerProductcatBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerProductcatBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/ViewHolder/CartViewHolder.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ViewHolder.CartViewHolder
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/OrdersLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.OrdersLayoutBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityWholesalerAddNewProductBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityWholesalerAddNewProductBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/Models/WholesalerOrders.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.Models.WholesalerOrders
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerProductsDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsDetailsActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsDetailsActivity$2$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsDetailsActivity$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsDetailsActivity$4
com/example/swiftdelivery/Models/Cart.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.Models.Cart
com/example/swiftdelivery/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.SignUpActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.SignUpActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.SignUpActivity$2$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.SignUpActivity$3
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerProductsCat.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsCat
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsCat$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerProductsCat$1$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/Models/User.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.Models.User
com/example/swiftdelivery/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.HomeActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.HomeActivity$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.HomeActivity$4
 com.example.swiftdelivery.HomeActivity$5
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerNewOrdersBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerNewOrdersBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityWholesalerUserProductBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityWholesalerUserProductBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityWholesalerHomeBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityWholesalerHomeBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityCartBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityCartBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityLogInBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityLogInBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivitySIgnUpBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivitySIgnUpBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityYourordersBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityYourordersBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/Prevalent/Prevalent.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.Prevalent.Prevalent
com/example/swiftdelivery/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.MapsActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.MapsActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.MapsActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.MapsActivity$3
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerCartBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerCartBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/CartActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.CartActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.CartActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.CartActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.CartActivity$2$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.CartActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.CartActivity$2$1$1$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.CartActivity$3
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/Models/Products.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.Models.Products
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityProductDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityProductDetailsBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerAddNewProductBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerAddNewProductBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/YourOrders.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.YourOrders
 com.example.swiftdelivery.YourOrders$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerCartActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerCartActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerCartActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerCartActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerCartActivity$2$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerCartActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerCartActivity$2$1$1$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerCartActivity$3
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityFeedbackBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityFeedbackBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/CartItemDesignBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.CartItemDesignBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerHomeActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerHomeActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerHomeActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerHomeActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerHomeActivity$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerHomeActivity$4
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerHomeActivity$5
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerHomeActivity$6
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerHomeActivity$7
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityProductscatBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityProductscatBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerConfirmFinalOrder.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerConfirmFinalOrder
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerConfirmFinalOrder$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerConfirmFinalOrder$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerConfirmFinalOrder$2$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerProductDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerProductDetailsBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/Interface/ItemClickListener.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.Interface.ItemClickListener
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerAddNewProductActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddNewProductActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddNewProductActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddNewProductActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddNewProductActivity$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddNewProductActivity$3$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddNewProductActivity$3$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddNewProductActivity$4
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerAddNewProductActivity$5
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerYourOrders.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerYourOrders
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerYourOrders$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/ProductsCat.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductsCat
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductsCat$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductsCat$1$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerHomeBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerHomeBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerUserProductsActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerUserProductsActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerUserProductsActivity$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/logInActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.logInActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.logInActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.logInActivity$2
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ProductsDisplayBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ProductsDisplayBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/ViewHolder/ProductViewHolder.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder
com/example/swiftdelivery/WholesalerNewOrdersActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerNewOrdersActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerNewOrdersActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerNewOrdersActivity$1$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerNewOrdersActivity$1$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerNewOrdersActivity$1$2$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerNewOrdersActivity$RetailerOrdersViewHolder
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/ConfirmFinalOrder.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ConfirmFinalOrder
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ConfirmFinalOrder$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ConfirmFinalOrder$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ConfirmFinalOrder$2$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerAddProductBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerAddProductBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/WholesalerHomeActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerHomeActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerHomeActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerHomeActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerHomeActivity$3
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityWholesalerAddProductBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityWholesalerAddProductBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerOrderProducts.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerOrderProducts
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerOrderProducts$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerOrderProducts$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerOrderProducts$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerOrderProducts$4
com/example/swiftdelivery/WholesalerAddProductActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddProductActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddProductActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddProductActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddProductActivity$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddProductActivity$4
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddProductActivity$5
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityFinalOrderBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityFinalOrderBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/WholesalerAddNewProductActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddNewProductActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddNewProductActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddNewProductActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddNewProductActivity$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddNewProductActivity$3$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddNewProductActivity$3$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddNewProductActivity$4
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerAddNewProductActivity$5
com/example/swiftdelivery/databinding/ActivityRetailerUserProductsBinding.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.databinding.ActivityRetailerUserProductsBinding
com/example/swiftdelivery/WholesalerUserProductActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerUserProductActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.WholesalerUserProductActivity$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/RetailerNewOrdersActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerNewOrdersActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerNewOrdersActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerNewOrdersActivity$1$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerNewOrdersActivity$1$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerNewOrdersActivity$1$2$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.RetailerNewOrdersActivity$RetailerOrdersViewHolder
com/example/swiftdelivery/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.BuildConfig
com/example/swiftdelivery/Models/RetailerOrders.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.Models.RetailerOrders
com/example/swiftdelivery/FeedbackActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.FeedbackActivity
com/example/swiftdelivery/MainActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.MainActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.MainActivity$1
com/example/swiftdelivery/ProductDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductDetailsActivity
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductDetailsActivity$2$1
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductDetailsActivity$3
 com.example.swiftdelivery.ProductDetailsActivity$4
